I'd like to teach you how to stretch
your shoes so that you don't experience
shoe pain when you're out in a new pair
of shoes this is a new pair of shoes I
have and walk out with some friends
yesterday and her birthday she was
telling me she couldn't dance because
she was experiencing shoe paint so I got
a new pair of shoes to show you really
cute pair of shoes as cute as they are
they hurt okay
I'm going to show you a couple of
different options you can do one easy
thing you can do without buying anything
is get a pair of the no-show socks you
have at home that you use for your
ballerina slippers or your tennis shoes
put them on I'm going to show you in
just a minute and slide on your shoes
this way you can wear them around the
house for the day and while you're
getting ready it'll stretch your shoes
if you feel like they're still not
stretched you can wear them out that
evening with the no-show socks on if
they match your skin coloring if they
don't they also sell little no-show
stockings and nude color that should fit
perfectly with what you're wearing
another option to do is you can purchase
this little box on TV you see it
advertised you could also get it on
Walgreens and write it for $9.99 in
there you'll find this chemical spray
what you can do is you can
uses chemical spray two different ways
it says to spray inside your shoe but I
spray it in the palm of my hand what you
can do if you have a light colored shoe
is to test it on your shoe first wait
till it dries and see if it stains it
has the stain any of my shoes so I feel
very confident using it on these nice
shoes I put it in the seams of the shoe
and on all the stitching the seam is
right here where the bottom of the shoe
meets the side of the shoe put it in all
those areas because you don't want those
areas to tear
also put it into the area where you want
stretch the part that rubs against the
foot or that hurts your foot generously
put it there I don't like to spray it in
the shoe because I don't want to wet
other parts of the shoe that I don't
want stretch down now when you try your
shoe on a good idea is to use one of
these top pencils or cater crayons I got
this one at Michael's you can get them
at Joanns fabric or in the sewing
Department of Walgreens Rite Aid those
sort of places you might want to wet it
a little bit try your shoe on wherever
you feel it rubbing and hurting put a
little mark on your shoe I'm patent
leather and some leathers that just
wipes right away okay so you might want
to test the shoot first you might want
to mark it also with the little sticker
one of those little highlighting post-it
stickers that you use in the office for
our sign here and date here those work
really good too a little colored tap or
something now after you put that
chemical in the shoe you can wear the
shoe around the house and you can wear
it out that night and the product guide
on the box says wearing the shoe with
the chemical will stretch the shoe out
to your foot shape
now that's one option ago if you have
time a few days before wearing the shoe
you could get these little insert
stretchers they come in the box and
these are just I like to point both of
them so it's an air on one side and
white on the other now you place them
into the shoe to the portion that hurts
and then once you get it there you twist
this little thing here and it starts to
widen up the shoe don't stretch it out
too much on the first day usually the
shoe will be stretched the next morning
but right a few days ahead and try to
stretch it out a little at a time you
can try the stretchers after you put the
chemical in the shoe but if you don't
want to put the chemical in your shoe
you can still use the stretchers without
the chemical a third option is if you're
going to use the shoe that day and you
don't have time to stretch it or you
don't want to stretch it because it's
only a little tight you can use moleskin
moleskin used to come in a big pad and
you how to cut it to side this is a new
dispenser it's like a tape measure it
comes out and it cuts you tear off a
piece you tape it inside the shoe where
your shoe rubs and you won't blister
it's really easy to take it off I put
mine into my Louis Vuitton's and they
don't even stain I take it right out
when I'm done using the shoe I arrow
mount and the shoe is perfectly fine I
hope this helps you enjoy your shoes
have a fantastic night out please
subscribe to my youtube channel I'm
gonna have a lot of cute little tricks
and tips that will make us more fabulous
thanks so much hope to see you soon